Scenario Based questions:

Will the reducer work or not if you use “Limit 1” in any HiveQL query?
Depends on the query you're firing. A simple select query (eg: select * from sales_order_orc limit 1) will not call any reducer.
But if you're using an aggregate function in your query(eg: select year_id, sum(sales) from sales_order_orc group by year_id limit 1;) a reducer will be called.

-----------------------------------------------------
Suppose I have installed Apache Hive on top of my Hadoop cluster using default metastore configuration. Then, what will happen if we have multiple clients trying to access Hive at the same time? 

Suppose, I create a table that contains details of all the transactions done by the customers: CREATE TABLE transaction_details (cust_id INT, amount FLOAT, month STRING, country STRING) ROW FORMAT DELIMITED FIELDS TERMINATED BY ‘,’ ;
Now, after inserting 50,000 records in this table, I want to know the total revenue generated for each month. But, Hive is taking too much time in processing this query. How will you solve this problem and list the steps that I will be taking in order to do so?

How can you add a new partition for the month December in the above partitioned table?

I am inserting data into a table based on partitions dynamically. But, I received an error – FAILED ERROR IN SEMANTIC ANALYSIS: Dynamic partition strict mode requires at least one static partition column. How will you remove this error?




Suppose, I have a CSV file – ‘sample.csv’ present in ‘/temp’ directory with the following entries:
id first_name last_name email gender ip_address
How will you consume this CSV file into the Hive warehouse using built-in SerDe?


Suppose, I have a lot of small CSV files present in the input directory in HDFS and I want to create a single Hive table corresponding to these files. The data in these files are in the format: {id, name, e-mail, country}. Now, as we know, Hadoop performance degrades when we use lots of small files.
So, how will you solve this problem where we want to create a single Hive table for lots of small files without degrading the performance of the system?



LOAD DATA LOCAL INPATH ‘Home/country/state/’
OVERWRITE INTO TABLE address;

The above statement failed to execute. What can be the cause?

Is it possible to add 100 nodes when we already have 100 nodes in Hive? If yes, how?
